crypto: Add AES CTR example using PSA APIS (#3765)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/crypto/aes_ctr/README.rst

.. _crypto_aes_ctr:

Crypto: AES CTR

> ###########

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###############
```
(must be at least as long as the text above, otherwise will return an error)

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Overview
********

> The AES sample shows how to perform AES encryption and decryption operations using the CTR mode without padding using an 128 bit AES key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AES sample shows how to perform AES encryption and decryption operations using the CTR mode without padding using a 128-bit AES key.
```

> It does the following things:

Reviewer: I feel this sentence is redundant.

```suggestion
First, the sample encrypts a sample plaintext:
```
and then provide the steps in lines 18-22 as an ordered list. Remove text in line 17.

* Encrypts a sample plaintext:

>    * Initalizes the PSA apis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The Platform Security Architecture (PSA) API is initialized.
```
Spell out acronyms when used for the first time, we cannot assume customers are familiar with all of them.

>    * Imports the AES key for encryption to the PSA keystore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The AES key used for encryption is imported to the PSA keystore.
```

>    * Generates a random IV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * A random initialization vector (IV) is generated.
```

>    * Performs the encryption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Encryption is performed.
```

>    * Removes the key from the PSA keystore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The key is removed from the PSA keystore.
```

> * Decrypts the sample plaintext:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Then, the sample decrypts the sample plaintext:
```
and again , ordered list below

   * Initalizes the PSA apis
   * Imports the AES key for decryption to the PSA keystore
   * Imports the IV produced during the encryption process
   * Performs the decryption
   * Removes the key from the PSA keystore

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading

>    :rows:  nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuappns nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :rows:  nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuappns, nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns
```

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/crypto/aes_ctr`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

Testing
=======================

> The following process is applicable for testing the AES CTR example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to test the AES CTR example:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   By default, the sample is configured to use both RTT and UART for logging.
   If you are using RTT, skip the first step of the testing procedure.
   
```

> 1. Skip this step if you are using an RTT Viewer. By default, the sample is configured to use both RTT and UART for logging.

Reviewer: this is now moved to note
